---
layout: post
title: Kochi
description: A spontaneous trip to explore Kochi, the land of spices, backwaters, and Kathakali. Sky in hues of gold during a breathtaking sunset at Fort Kochi beach. 🌅
date: 2024-01-27 06:00:00 +0530
image: "/images/2024/IMG20240126153018.jpg"
video_embed: https://www.youtube.com/embed/gghgYaYeG_M
tags: [2024, kerala]
people: [ujjwal, umakant]
location: Kochi [https://maps.app.goo.gl/wAdVkrQvXNYTR8ds5]
---

- booked bus for the long weekend to the kochi
- booked the wrong bus, booked for wrong 1am bus
- boarded bus on 26th jan 1am
- reached kochi on 27th jan 6am
- had breakfast at ambiswamy's veg restaurant, okay okay food, analogous to udupi
- super hot weather, 30 degrees
- we had some time so we went to lulu mall, biggest mall in kochi
- then took the metro to fort kochi, then took an auto to reach our hostel
- arrived at the goSTOPS Kochi, our stay for the next 2 days
- freshened up and left for lunch at the nearby restaurant
- after 1 km or so we found couple of good pure veg restaurants, had our dinner at Anantha Bhavan. the food was 10/10 and just for 550 for 3 hungry folks.
- we observed that the fort kochi was full of foreigners, we were the only indians there.
- we then went to the fort kochi beach, the sunset was beautiful, the sky was in hues of gold.
- the we thought of taking a wwalk in the fort kochi itself.
- we started roaming around the streets, clicked several pics. Ignoring all the people judging us for clicking weird pics, we had a good laugh throughout the day.
- we reached the coast line by 4pm, what an amazinf view. attaching pics below.
- had a short video call with my family.
- then we spent some time at the beach, the beach was clean and the water was clear.
- we grabbed some ice-cream and started going back to our hostel.
- on the way back we saw an differnt building, it was like made by portuguese, we clicked some pics there. it turned out to be a restaurant. we had coffee there, clicked several pics.
- walking past the streets we saw we were the only indians there, the place was full of foreigners. entire fort kochi was full of foreigners.
- planning our next day, we decided to rent some scooters and explore the city.
